Add migration and Breaking Changes (#594)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/migration/upgrading_3.0.0_4.0.0.adoc

. Check your Instance +
When the instance has started successfully, check the logs for any unusual entries.

== Manage Breaking Changes

> Client pool selectors have changed from IP addesses `127.0.0.1:9xxx` to service names `com.owncloud.api.*`. This was necessary to improve distributed installations for Infinite Scale like with Kubernetes. With the usage of service names, which are free definable strings, interservice communication is greatly improved including multiple Infinite Scale instances on the same network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Client pool selectors have changed from IP addresses `127.0.0.1:9xxx` to service names `com.owncloud.api.*`. This was necessary to improve distributed installations for Infinite Scale like with Kubernetes. With the usage of service names, which are free definable strings, inter-service communication is greatly improved including multiple Infinite Scale instances on the same network.
```

=== How to Identify if You Are Affected

> 1. If you have changed the default configuration for interservice communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you have changed the default configuration for inter-service communication.
```

2. If you have distributed services via multiple servers and therefore needed to change (1).
3. If you run multiple Infinite Scale instances on the same network and therefore needed to change (1).

In all other cases, there is nothing that needs to be done as the new defaults will be used automatically.

=== How to Manage the Changes

> Check all manually changed config variables for interservice communication and replace the current IP based values with a text based string. As guideline for naming the string and how the defaults are set in the old and new format, see the environment variable documentation for the xref:deployment/services/services.adoc[services] and the xref:deployment/services/env-vars-special-scope.adoc#global-environment-variables[Global Environment Variables] page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check all manually changed config variables for inter-service communication and replace the current IP based values with a text based string. As a guideline for naming the string and how the defaults are set in the old and new format, see the environment variable documentation for the xref:deployment/services/services.adoc[services] and the xref:deployment/services/env-vars-special-scope.adoc#global-environment-variables[Global Environment Variables] page.
```
